you know one of the most popular chicken
dishes here in America is the classic
Italian chicken parmesan my family and
friends they go crazy for this dish so I
thought I would share the recipe for you
let's get started this is really a
simple dish folks we're gonna take two
chicken breasts wash clean them and
we're gonna put them right here on a
little plastic that I have fold it over
what we want to do is we're just gonna
want to pound the chicken a little bit
just to get it sort of an even surface
[Music]
now once that happens very simple we're
gonna go into some flour it's gonna be
seasoned with a little bit of my essence
Oh perfect I'm gonna season the chicken
with a little essence and then the first
step is to go right into the flour which
is called dredging now clean our little
hands here and then we're gonna add a
little bit more essence on that side of
the chicken I've got one egg and bread
crumbs this is a classic breading no
matter what you want to bread for
mushrooms to chicken to beef now watch
we dredge it and then the egg it goes
and in the breadcrumbs look at that
beautiful
so from the flower to the egg
and right into the breadcrumbs now from
there it's quite simple
I'm gonna set our pan on about medium
heat a little olive oil in the skillet
and now what we're gonna do is we're
gonna take our breaded chicken and we
begin to fry them you know the other
classic two is doing the same thing with
veal the heat is on and we begin to
start sauteing them I've got a little
tomato sauce and I also have two
cheese's have a little mozzarella and I
have a little parmesan Parmesan Reggiano
delicious and now what we're gonna do is
turn look how beautiful that is see that
set the oven on Oh about 350 degrees and
what we're gonna do now is we're gonna
take the chicken we're gonna add a
little bit of the sauce on top and then
what we're gonna do is we're first gonna
put a little mozzarella
little parmesan and into the oven it
goes 350 for about 12 to 14 minutes that
chicken really cooks through and the
cheese melts and gets absolutely just
gooey and oh so delicious now how I
serve this is simply with a little sauce
on the plate oh look at that just a
little sauce on the plate and then we
bring our chicken parmesan right to the
table oh now I love serving my chicken
parmesan with pasta doesn't that look
delicious I mean you want to just dig
right in there right
especially for dinner tonight your
family will love this and as always I
thank you for watching
you